What_is_code_reflection 
Written by. Jahaziel Ben Israel

1. In your own words, what is a computer really doing whenever you type a letter on a keyboard? (150 words max) 

When you type a letter on the keyboard, in order for it to appear on the screen, your computer has to pull the image of the letter from its memory bank. It then takes these lines and circles and renders them onto the screen.

2.In your own words, how do computers use input and output to create experiences? (250 words max)
 
Computers use a compiler to process input in functions, methods, subroutines, or components. These generate various kinds of output that generate experiences such as composing and sending an email message, to rendering and editing images in Photoshop.
 
3.Explain why software products are essentially “infinitely reproducible nothings.” (150 words max) 

Software could be considered “infinitely reproducible nothings” because of their intangibility.  SASS is a service, not a product, which means that it can be easily scalable and have unlimited iterations of updates and changes.

4.Explain in your own words how code becomes software. (150 words max) 

Computers take code and translate them into a language-- a programming language that it uses a compiler to translate and execute repetitive commands and functions. 

5.Explain “algorithms” in your own words. (150 words max) 

An algorithm is a step-by-step procedure for performing a calculation according to well defined rules.  An algorithm solves a problem.

6.Explain the DRY principle. (100 words max)
 
Don’t Repeat Yourself is the mantra of coding. That is, you should name things once, do things once, create a function once, and let the computer repeat itself.
 
7.In your own words, what is object-oriented programming? (100 words max) 

Object-oriented programming is a computer programming model that organizes software design around data, or objects, rather than functions and logic. An object can be defined as a data field that has unique attributes and behavior.

8.In your own words explain data and how it relates to code. (100 Words max) 

Data is generated by users 24/7, and includes things like social media posts, search engine keywords, and even physical movement and gps location.  This data relates to code by large databases and SQL language.

9.What is a framework? (150 words max) 

A framework, or software framework, is a platform for developing software applications. It provides a foundation on which software developers can build programs for a specific platform

10.What is debugging? (150 words max) 

Debugging is the process of finding and resolving defects or problems within a computer program that prevent correct operation of computer software or a system.

11. Now, with more of an understanding of what code is, why do you want to learn how to code? (500 words max) 

I want to learn how to code so that I can learn how to develop and understand computers, and learn a high paying skill that will increase my income earning potential.  Technology is rapidly changing the world and all of the money that was invested in my college degree is not yielding a return on my investment.  It is time for me to learn coding so that I can continue to grow my career potential.

